p.142
[B]
Function. We use words like but, nevertheless, despite o introduce second point, that is contrasts with the first point.
Form.
1) But
2) Nevertheless
3) Although
4) Even though
5) Despite
6) In spite of the fact that
7) Although, even though, despite, in spite of
8) But, nevertheless

[C]
1) In spite of
2) Even though
3) Although
4) Nevertheless
5) Though
6) But
7) Despite
8) Even though

[What's right?]
In spite of the fact that we got really lost, we had an amazing day.

p.144
[B]
1) Views
2) Heritage
3) Heart
4) Site
5) Trade
6) Village
7) Settlement
8) Alleys

[C]
1) Village, settlement
2) Village, settlement
3) Alleys
4) Site
5) Views
6) Heritage
7) Trade
8) Heart

I would like to tell you about Tyumen. It is a city in Ural Federal District and the administraitve center of Tyumen region; with a population of about 700,000 people. It was founded in 1586 as the first Russian settlement in Siberia, and rapidly developed to a large commercial and industrial city.
The central part of the city is attractive for citizens and tourists. One of the most popular places is Tsvetnoy boulevard with lot of attractions and a big circus. Within walking distance of it there is a picturesque Tura embankment with a footbridge called "The bridge of lovers". There begins the old historical part of the city with wooden buildings, that have a cultural value. Despite the fact that there are lot of big modern buildings in Tyumen, the city is dominated by old brick and wooden merchant houses. That's why the city's nickname is "Capital of Villages".
Tyumen has a range of entertainment possibilities for all ages. There are cinemas, museums, theaters, including Tyumen Theater of the Drama and Tyumen Music Hall. 
The transportation system includes a railway station with three small stations on the outskirts, an Roschino airport, and a road network, that is being improved every year. Due to its advantageous location at the crossing of the rail, water and air ways and its moderate climate Tyumen is an ideal base for servicing the industry of the West Siberia. 
To sum up, Tyumen is lively, magnificent and comfortable city. Although it is not very big and popular city in Russia, it is an important center of industry, science, culture, education and medicine, and I like this city.